# Meeting 01:
### Date:
01/28/24
### Time:
3:00 pm
### Day:
Sunday
### Attendees:
Ahmed, Ameya, Divya
### Agenda:
Brainstorming and discussing project ideas and topics. We all ended up agreeing on one project topic.


# Meeting 02:
### Date:
01/29/24
### Time:
05:15 pm
### Day:
Monday
### Attendees:
Ahmed, Ameya, Divya
### Agenda:
We discussed our project idea with the professor and got deeper insights about the topic area. 


# Meeting 03:
### Date:
01/30/24
### Time:
3:00 pm
### Day:
Tuesday
### Attendees:
Ahmed, Ameya, Divya
### Agenda:
- We worked on creating our project GitHub Repository.
- Updated Read Me file and project requirements and User Stories.


# Meeting 04:
### Date:
02/10/24
### Time:
06:00 pm
### Day:
Saturday
### Attendees:
Ahmed, Ameya, Divya
### Agenda:
- We kept working on project Repo files and updated the Read Me file.
- We created a plan for Milestone 01 with two iterations.
  
![02](https://github.com/Ahmed5641/Virtual-Currency-Exchange/assets/157667926/ac28818c-d0fc-4891-8897-eaf95f74bef8)


# Meeting 04:
### Date:
02/12/24
### Time:
06:00 pm
### Day:
Monday
### Attendees:
Ahmed, Ameya, Divya
### Agenda:
- We continued working on project Repo files.
- we created more details on User Stories tasks.
- Tasks allocations and designing the Burndowns charts using Exel.
  
![03](https://github.com/Ahmed5641/Virtual-Currency-Exchange/assets/157667926/89432129-d9e3-4d21-8a8b-39e443ba9d4d)


# Meeting 05:
### Date:
02/17/24
### Time:
06:00 pm
### Day:
Saturday
### Attendees:
Ahmed, Ameya, Clement
### Agenda:
- We discussed the allocated tasks' progress with each team member.
- We discussed the possibility of reducing the estimation times for each task.
- We established a GitHub discussion forum and Milestone 1.0 tracker.
- We agreed on the next meeting time.
  
![04](https://github.com/Ahmed5641/Virtual-Currency-Exchange/assets/157667926/f8ae9b8b-c92e-4252-bf30-a24a01a5c3a5)


# Meeting 06:
### Date:
03/02/24
### Time:
06:00 pm
### Day:
Saturday
### Attendees:
Ahmed, Ameya, Clement, Divya
### Agenda:
- we fixed some issues related to the database storing function.
- we discussed eliminating some UI features to give more time for fixing back-end code for the trading functionality.
- we tracked the task plan for iteration 2 and what jobs were left behind.
- we worked on creating the milestone 1.0 presentation.
- We agreed on the next meeting time.

![06](https://github.com/Ahmed5641/Virtual-Currency-Exchange/assets/157667926/31118f53-4813-4d7d-aefb-d20437fcc1e6)

